READ ME
url: https://irahrosete.netlify.app
GitHub: https://github.com/irahrosete/portfolio-site    

Purpose
This online portfolio aims to present myself as a budding developer and apply the skills that I have learned so far in HTML and CSS to showcase my work. This will act as a starting point for future improvements as I continue to enhance my skills throughout the course of my career.

Functionality and Features
This portfolio website is a static site featuring a landing page, a page about me, a page to house my featured works, a blog page and a contact page. It is fully responsive on various mobile and tablet devices, as well as laptop and desktop screens. The pages are accessed through the hamburger menu on all screen sizes. The text size increases with screen size to ensure readability. It was coded using semantics to ensure accessibility.

The site features a consistent soft dark theme across all pages which passed web accessibility contrast test. My logo, which is positioned prominently next to the hamburger menu at the top navigation bar, allows users to get back to the landing page. The format of the navigation bar appears across all the pages and offers familiarity to the user.

The site provides an easy link to my resmume and links to my professional and social media accounts.

The site features stylesheet subresource integrity to ensure that it is rendered without malicious manipulation.


Sitemap

Wireframes

Mockups

Mood Board

Target Audience
This portfolio targets to engage potential employers in the tech industry.

Tech Stack
HTML, CSS, Sass, Git, Github, Netlify, Balsamiq, Adobe Illustrator

Challenges
responsiveness
-sizes, grid, design
applying uniform style on all pages
responsive
hamburger menu
consistency in margins, paddings, box-sizing elements etc
buttons
scope creep
decision on page format and using grid or flex or float depending on the page
decision to add back buttons
naming variables

improvements
testing and fixing for screens <400px wide. the output looks ok in the developer tool but not on the actual phone
more animation and interactivity
better format for the blog page to show previous entries when there are more blog entries
next and previous buttons


accessibility
hambuger menu

-----------------------

slide deck

    A walk-through of your portfolio website and its features
    A walk-through of your design process and decisions
    A review of your development/build process including challenges, ethical issues, favourite parts, etc




An overview/sitemap of all the pages on your website 	
The overall structure of your website and how different pages will be navigated

Wireframes or mockups of the pages of your website 	
Your decision making process relating to the overall aesthetic of your website

A list of components that will be used 	
How components and styling will engage the audience

-----------------------


- gitlog.txt

